[Music]
I am now on the list for Microsoft
hardware apparently so all I got in
terms of information about this
particular guy here is that this is
model number one for 8 - of a keyboard
made by Microsoft ok this is the 3x J 0
0 0 1 9 in terms of the part number and
it comes in a brown box this is a
Microsoft keyboard which has a bit of a
wave to it go ahead and take the plastic
covering off here and hopefully at some
point you'll be able to find out exactly
what this model is oh here we go so
apparently what I have to unbox and take
a look at today is the Microsoft Comfort
Curve keyboard 3000 for business so that
is what ms part number x8 2 2 1 3 4 - 0
0 5 is look at that the manufacturing
gate is like less than a month ago very
cool
alright so let's have a look at this
your product and see if Microsoft
includes anything else of note in the
packaging so we do have a product guide
with important safety and health
information as well as a limited
warranty terms of warranty I wouldn't
worry too much all ok keyboarding oh
three years neat ok and the thing about
Microsoft hardware warranty is that it
is actually one of the best in the biz
they are there are very very very many
testimonials out there on the interwebs
about how Microsoft takes care of their
Hardware customers when something goes
wrong with a Microsoft keyboard mouse
headset joystick whatever the case may
be so let's have a look at the layout
overall I was actually one of the shoot
what was that thing called I think it
was called the Microsoft natural
keyboard that that old old one that was
made of like you know beige old computer
colored plastic and had the split in the
middle right so you're using it you're
like this clickety clickety clickety
everyone hated it when it first came out
um
I blow everyone ideal I mean there are
lots of people who swear by those those
economic style keyboards but I loved it
I had one of those original Microsoft
ones that I used for years and this is
or like an in-between so you don't have
that split down the middle of the
keyboard but you can see if you look at
it in an angle it does have a bit of a
curve so why did I like it so much I
liked it because this when you're when
you're resting your arms this shape I'm
going to point them at you is a lot more
natural than this in terms of your
shoulders and the alignment of your arms
so they put a slight curve to this
keyboard so that you're actually holding
your hands in a more comfortable
position while you type while keeping
the keys altogether so you don't have
that weird on natural split because
remember not everyone types correctly
although using that keyboard was one of
the ways that fixed my incorrect typing
where I was reaching over to the other
side of the keyboard whatever it was
convenient because the split didn't
allow me to do it so this guy right here
it just has a slight curve so it's an in
between a flat keyboard and a larger
Guignard that's whatever I was trying to
go with that now in terms of the layout
we've got a pretty standard layout
Microsoft hasn't committed any cardinal
sins on this keyboard so you can see we
have a full-size tab very long Shift key
in order to make sure that you can reach
it like no matter what look how long
that Shift key is it's like the longest
key on the keyboard within the spacebar
okay we do have a full-size backspace
key full-size Enter key and another long
Shift key let's see shift keys they're
like monstrosity x' okay we haven't
moved around any of the critical keys we
have nice large delete key home end page
up page down are all in their correct
locations the scroll lock insert and
insert I like this one up here because
having the insert up here means that
sometimes you can accidentally press it
when you met backspace oh you meant
delete and then you end up typing over
your stuff and it compounds a small
error and turns it into a much much
larger error how we've also only got one
Windows key so there's a Windows key
here and then the other one is a
function key so using the function key
we can access keys that we otherwise
can't access like pause and it looks
like that's actually the only thing it
does no couldn't be must be fascinating
okay we do have a number pad layout a
number lock and we have a couple media
keys as well so we can access the
calculator that's good for business we
could also play pause reduce the volume
and
the volume of the music that we are
listening to in our office which is
bothering the others next to us and that
is pretty much all that I'd have to say
about it so thank you for checking out
my unboxing and first look at the
Comfort Curve 3000 for Microsoft don't
forget to subscribe for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos oh and
here's another useful feature so it
actually shows you see there's a little
star on the control and it shows you
what all of these hotkeys actually do so
you don't even have to think about it at
all but I didn't even know windows D
goes to the desktop see look and windows
egos to my PC I know most of these other
ones though